Add workaround to bare metal deployment guide (#8418)
geldata/gel: docs/resources/guides/deployment/bare_metal.rst

Enable a systemd unit
=====================

> We released gel-server-6 versions 6.0 and 6.1 without renaming the user and
> group that runs the server. This will be fixed in version 6.2. For the versions
> with the wrong user you will have to create the group, user, and data directory
> before enabling the systemd unit.

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
Versions 6.0 and 6.1 of ``gel-server-6`` retain the previous user and group configurations for server execution. This configuration will be updated in version 6.2.

For systems running versions 6.0-6.1, please ensure you create the required group, user, and data directory before enabling the ``systemd`` unit. This additional setup step will be eliminated in version 6.2.
```
